Create list.md (#1223)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/iterators/terms/list/list.md

> ---

Reviewer: While I understand the place of this entry file, I think we should move `list/list.md` from `iterator/terms/` to `built-in-functions/terms/`.

Title: 'list()'
Description: 'Returns a list from an iterable.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Iterators'
  - 'OOP'
  - 'Loops'
Catalog Content:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

The **`list()`** function returns a [list](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/lists) from an `iterable`.

## Syntax

```pseudo
list(iterable[optional])
```

> It requires only one argument, an `iterable` (e.g., list, [`tuple`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/tuples), [`dictionary`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/dictionaries), or [`set`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/sets)). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `iterable` parameter can be one of the following:

- A sequence type such as a [string](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/strings), [range object](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/built-in-functions/range), list, or [`tuple`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/tuples).
- An iterable container such as a list, tuple, [`dictionary`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/dictionaries), or [`set`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/sets).
- An iterable object such as one returned by the [`iter()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/iterators/iter) function.

If no `iterable` is passed, the `list()` function returns an empty list.
```

If an [`iterable`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/iterators) is passed it returns a list of the items in the `iterable`. If no parameters are passed, it returns an empty list.
When passing a [string](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/strings) as argument, it returns a list of each letter of the string. When passing a range as argument, it returns a list of each number in the range.

## Example

The example below demonstrates how the `list()` function is used to create a list from a dictionary:

```py
# dictionary
my_dict = list({"Python" : "Hard", "Java" : "Medium", "HTML" : "Easy"})
print(my_dict)

# empty list
my_empty = list()
print(my_empty)
```

This will print the following output:

```shell
['Python', 'Java', 'HTML']
[]
```

### Codebyte Example

> The following code examples shows three different cases using `list()` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples shows three different cases of using the `list()` function:
```

```codebyte/python
#animal tuple
animals = ('cat', 'dog', 'hamster')

> print("Tuple example with list() : ")
> animals_list = list(animals)
> 
> print(animals_list)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
print(f"Tuple example with list(): {list(animals_tuple)}")
```

Reviewer: For Python code blocks in Docs entries, let's stick with using double-quotes for strings and characters. 😄

> #animal tuple
> animals = ('cat', 'dog', 'hamster')
> 
> print("Tuple example with list() : ")
> animals_list = list(animals)
> 
> print(animals_list)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
animals_tuple = ("cat", "dog", "hamster")
print("Tuple example with list(): {list(animals_tuple)}")
```

print("------------------------------------")

> #animal string
> animal = ['crocodile']
> 
> print("String example with list() : ")
> animal_list = list(animal)
> 
> print(animal_list)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

animal_string = "crocodile"
print(f"String example with list(): {list(animal_string)}")
```

print("------------------------------------")

> #number range
> my_range = range(1,4)
> 
> print("Range example with list() : ")
> my_numbers = list(my_range)
> 
> print(my_numbers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

my_range = range(1, 4)
print(f"Range example with list(): {list(my_range)}")
```

---
Title: 'list()'

> Description: 'Returns a list in from an iterable..'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a list from an iterable.'
```

> Description: 'The list() is a constructor that returns a list in Python.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a list in from an iterable..'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Iterators'
  - 'OOP'
  - 'Loops'
Catalog Content:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

> The **`list()`** function returns a [list](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/lists).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`list()`** function returns a [list](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/lists) from an `iterable`.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
list(iterable[optional])
```

> It requires only an argument, `iterable` (e.g., list, [tuple](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/tuples), [dictionary](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/dictionaries), and [set](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/sets)). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It requires only one argument, an `iterable` (e.g., list, [`tuple`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/tuples), [`dictionary`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/dictionaries), or [`set`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/sets)). 
```

> If [iterable](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/iterators) is passed,it creates a list of iterators. If no parameters are passed, it returns an empty list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If an [`iterable`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/iterators) is passed it returns a list of the items in the `iterable`. If no parameters are passed, it returns an empty list.
```

## Example

> The example below demonstrates how the `list()` function is used in a Python program:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example below demonstrates how the `list()` function is used to create a list from a dictionary:
```

```py
# dictionary
my_dict = list({"Python" : "Hard", "Java" : "Medium", "HTML" : "Easy"})
print(my_dict)

# empty list
my_empty = list()
print(my_empty)
```

This will print the following output:

```shell
['Python', 'Java', 'HTML']
[]
```

### Codebyte Example

> When passing a [string](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/strings) as argument, it returns a list of each alphabet of the string. When passing a range as argument, it returns a list of each number in the range.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When passing a [string](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/strings) as argument, it returns a list of each letter of the string. When passing a range as argument, it returns a list of each number in the range.
```

This sentence belongs in the syntax section.

> When passing a [string](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/strings) as argument, it returns a list of each letter of the string. When passing a range as argument, it returns a list of each number in the range.

Reviewer 2: Move this sentence to the syntax section.
